because of the violence in Birmingham
the men had come with an attitude of no
we're not backing down so that was sort
of the start and the birth of the
English Defense League which every city
we went to there was a Justified reason
for going yeah but no one ever spoke
about that I realized very quickly that
everything I'd seen in Lon was it
happening in every town of the city so
then I started meeting families that
victim their daughters were missing for
weeks and then I started hearing all
these stories and it's one thing to read
about grooming I'm sitting with a mother
father and a brother whose 13-year-old
daughter's been missing for 5 days and
the police have doing nothing